# Lab 9 - Bakery Order System

## Synopsis

This program takes orders of different baked goods, and creates an invoice to tell you the price of all the baked goods.
The output isn't complex, but it has a lot of underlying logic to determine prices. This lab is helpful to understanding
polymorphism and inheritance of classes.

### Background

This lab helps you learn inheritance and polymorphism. The classes and functionality are minimal, but they make you
exercise the main features of inheritance and polymorphism. To make sure you do the critical themes, there are places
where you must implement it a certain way. The TAs will review your code to make sure you implement it as requested (see
deductions below).

### Specification

You have started a small bakery business called Bread and Cakes. This piece of software allows customers to make an
on-line order. The customer first enters the specific baked goods to order (with a quantity) and you create an object
for each individual good that they have ordered. You then confirm by printing the created objects. Lastly, you print an
invoice of the order with final pricing, including discounts.

Your bakery offers loaves of bread, layer-cakes, and cupcakes. You need to create an inheritance hierarchy for these.
You will create 5 classes named as follows. Start with a base class called BakedGood which must be an abstract class (
i.e. it contains at least one pure virtual function). There are two classes which derive from BakedGood. One is the
Bread class and the other is another abstract class called Cake, from which LayerCake and CupCake are derived. Shared
members should be declared in the most base class possible. Your base classes may have their data members as protected
rather than private if you prefer, allowing the derived classes to directly access the data members of base classes.
Your three derived classes Bread, LayerCake and CupCake should at least each have the following virtual member
functions (you can name them what you want):

* ToString: Returns a string containing the basic description and base price of the object. While there are only three
  broad classes of objects (Bread, LayerCake, CupCake), there are lots of different variations of baked goods (white
  bread, wheat bread, 3-layer spice cupcake with vanilla frosting, Chocolate cupcake with cream-cheese frosting and red
  sprinkles, etc.) You do NOT have a class for each baked good, just for the three broad classes.
* DiscountedPrice: Takes as parameter the total number of a particular baked good and returns the discounted total price
  for that baked good.

### Part 1 - Enter the bakery order and create class objects

Prompt the user to enter sub-orders. Enter "done" to finish. Each order specifies a baked good and begins with either "
Bread", "Layer-cake", or "Cupcake", followed by options and quantity (see sample I/O for details). You may assume that
the user inputs correct values. You are not required to error check.

* Your breads can be any variety (white, wheat, rye, etc.) as the bread variety is just a string in the object.
* LayerCakes and CupCakes have a flavor (e.g. chocolate, yellow, spice) and a frosting (e.g. chocolate, vanilla,
  cream-cheese). Cake flavor and bread variety should be different variables.
* LayerCakes have a number of layers
* CupCakes have a sprinkles color
* Store each object as a pointer in a one polymorphic vector of pointers. Keep them in the same order as entered. Later
  orders are added to the end of the current list.
* The object is not a sub-order but rather a single baked good. Thus, if a person orders 4 loaves of Wheat bread, as in
  the example below, you create four Bread objects of variety "Wheat", pushing each pointer separately into your vector.
* Each object must have a base price computed in its constructor. Base pricing is as follows:

| Class     | Price | Cream-Cheese Frosting | # Layers                 |
|-----------|-------|-----------------------|--------------------------|
| Bread     | $4.50 |                       |                          |
| CupCake   | $1.95 | add $.20              |                          |
| LayerCake | $9.00 | add $1.00 per layer   | $3.00 per layer beyond 1 |

### Part 2 - Confirm proper class creation by printing your vector with ToString

Loop through the object pointer vector and print each description using the virtual ToString member function for each
object. The ToString function prints a description of the object followed by its non-discounted base price (see sample
I/O). The base price part of the returned ToString string is the same for the classes Bread, CupCake and LayerCake, so
that part must be done in the BakedGood class. The rest of the string is generated by the ToString function of the
current object class. Thus, for a wheat bread description, the "Wheat Bread" part of the string is generated by the
ToString virtual function in Bread which calls the ToString virtual function in BakedGood to get the cost part " (
$4.500000)". TAs will check your code to make sure you have properly created classes and used polymorphism as described
in the specification.

### Part 3 - Print an Invoice

Print an invoice of the order listing each unique baked good with description (includes base price), quantity, and total
discounted price on a row. Summed totals appear on the last row. Use setwidth values of 75 for the baked good column and
9 for the other columns. Each baked good's discounted price must be calculated by a virtual function implemented in the
corresponding class.

| Class     | Discount                                                                                           |
|-----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Bread     | For every 3 loaves of the same variety of bread you buy, one of them is free (example below table) |
| CupCake   | Buy 2 or more of the same cupcake, get $.30 off each, 4 or more get $.40 off each                  |
| LayerCake | Buy 3 or more of the same layer-cake, get $2.00 off each                                           |

Thus, if one ordered 2 loaves of the same variety bread the cost is $9.00. 3 loaves would still be $9.00, and 4 would be
$13.50. If one ordered 4 2-layer chocolate cakes with vanilla frosting, they would cost $10.00 each. If one ordered 2
3-layer spice cakes with cream-cheese frosting there would be no discount.

Note that there is a little bit of an algorithm to write for the invoice. Your vector just contains a long list of baked
goods, some of them being repeats. For example "Wheat bread" occurs 4 times in the example below and "White Bread"
occurs twice. Note that the White Bread orders occur at different places in the overall order, as a customer may decide
to order more later in the order. When you print your invoice you should just print each unique baked good once on its
own line with a count of how many times it occurs. That same count is passed to the DiscountedPrice virtual function
which returns the discounted total price for that particular baked good. Note that two baked goods are the same if their
ToString values are the same. You can use that to go through the vector and get a count for each type of baked good. The
auto-grader assumes baked goods are ordered by when the baked good first appeared in the order. You may use a temporary
vector if you wish to help implement this.

### Notes

* Use inheritance and polymorphism to solve this lab.
* The BakedGood class does NOT have a member variable that stores the type of baked good.
* Shared data members and member functions should always be declared in the most base class possible.
* Each class must be created and submitted in separate cpp and header files.
    * All class member functions should be declared in the header file and defined in the cpp. In common practice, there
      may be some exceptions to this, but to keep grading simpler we require you to not define any functions in the
      header file.
* The BakedGood class and the Cake class must be abstract classes.
* Create ToString member functions (call them what you want) for appropriate classes. Your ToString member functions
  must return a string and NOT use cout.
* The base price part of any string returned by a ToString function must be created by calling the ToString function of
  the BakedGood class.
* Use a single vector of pointers in main to store all objects. It is all right to use some type of temporary vector for
  helping print the invoice if you wish.
* Create your own parameterized constructor for each class. Each child class should call its parent's constructor in its
  constructor
* Member functions can be constant which would look like: int MyFunc() const; and pure virtual which would look like:
  virtual int AnotherFunc() = 0;. A function that is both constant and pure virtual would look like: virtual int
  LastFunc() const = 0;.
* You may have questions about how to put a number into a string as you write your code. As you might find, something
  like string infoString = "A double: " + myDouble; will cause errors rather than putting the number at the end of the
  string. One way to fix this (and what you will need to do in your ToString function) is to use to_string, for example:
  string infoString = "A double: " + to_string(myDouble);.
* Normally, prices would be printed with only two decimals using output manipulators, and you will need to do this as
  you print the total prices in main. However, in the ToString functions of your classes you will use the default
  behavior of to_string, which will put extra 0s at the end of the base price portion of the ToString. (We did this to
  simplify the lab and eliminate the need for stringstreams)

#### Sample Input/Output

<pre>
**Bread and Cakes Bakery**

Enter sub-order (enter "done" to finish)
Sub-order: Bread Wheat 4
Sub-order: Cupcake Funfetti lemon pink 1
Sub-order: Bread White 1
Sub-order: Layer-cake Chocolate vanilla 2 3
Sub-order: Layer-cake Spice cream-cheese 3 2
Sub-order: Cupcake Yellow cream-cheese red 3
Sub-order: Cupcake Chocolate vanilla blue 4
Sub-order: Bread White 1
Sub-order: Cupcake Chocolate vanilla blue 1
Sub-order: done

Order Confirmations:
Wheat bread ($4.500000)
Wheat bread ($4.500000)
Wheat bread ($4.500000)
Wheat bread ($4.500000)
Funfetti cupcake with lemon frosting and pink sprinkles ($1.950000)
White bread ($4.500000)
2-layer Chocolate cake with vanilla frosting ($12.000000)
2-layer Chocolate cake with vanilla frosting ($12.000000)
2-layer Chocolate cake with vanilla frosting ($12.000000)
3-layer Spice cake with cream-cheese frosting ($18.000000)
3-layer Spice cake with cream-cheese frosting ($18.000000)
Yellow cupcake with cream-cheese frosting and red sprinkles ($2.150000)
Yellow cupcake with cream-cheese frosting and red sprinkles ($2.150000)
Yellow cupcake with cream-cheese frosting and red sprinkles ($2.150000)
Chocolate cupcake with vanilla frosting and blue sprinkles ($1.950000)
Chocolate cupcake with vanilla frosting and blue sprinkles ($1.950000)
Chocolate cupcake with vanilla frosting and blue sprinkles ($1.950000)
Chocolate cupcake with vanilla frosting and blue sprinkles ($1.950000)
White bread ($4.500000)
Chocolate cupcake with vanilla frosting and blue sprinkles ($1.950000)

Invoice:
Baked Good                                                                  Quantity    Total
Wheat bread ($4.500000)                                                            4    13.50
Funfetti cupcake with lemon frosting and pink sprinkles ($1.950000)                1     1.95
White bread ($4.500000)                                                            2     9.00
2-layer Chocolate cake with vanilla frosting ($12.000000)                          3    30.00
3-layer Spice cake with cream-cheese frosting ($18.000000)                         2    36.00
Yellow cupcake with cream-cheese frosting and red sprinkles ($2.150000)            3     5.55
Chocolate cupcake with vanilla frosting and blue sprinkles ($1.950000)             5     7.75
Totals                                                                            20   103.75
Good Bye
</pre>